- [Instructor] The source code repository
is a key component within our continuous delivery process
because it's where team members integrate code
that the pipeline retrieves when it kicks off the build.
To function well in a pipeline,
the code repository must be hosted in a central location
that provides other features like security,
pull requests, and code reviews.
These features are commonly found in hosting platforms
like GitHub, which we'll be using
to manage our course project.
Since we're using a microservice architecture,
we now have four separate code bases,
one for each of the services.
So the choice isn't as straightforward
as storing the code for a monolith,
which by default would be stored in a single repository
that contains the entire code base.
Instead, we'll need to choose
between storing our service code
in a monorepo or a polyrepo.
Let's talk about these two options,
starting with the monorepo.
A monorepo stores the code for every service in the system
in one large repository.
This helps make the code base more accessible
to the entire development team,
since it's easy to pull all the code at once.
Developers can easily review the code in other services,
and if there's shared code, they can change it
directly inside the code base.
There are drawbacks to a monorepo.
Changing shared code in the repository
can impact multiple services
and trigger large refactoring efforts across the code.
Also, depending upon the CI platform you use,
it may need a special plugin or customization
to handle the monorepo.
The alternative to a monorepo is a polyrepo,
which stores each service in its own repository.
Having a separate repository for each service
enforces decoupling between them.
It also helps keep the services independent
and can eliminate some of the problems caused
by sharing code.
Unfortunately, when using multirepos,
it becomes harder to access and evaluate
the entire code base.
That's because it's stored across many repositories,
which might require permissions to access.
In our project, we'll be using the multirepo approach
because it's more straightforward
to work with our CI tool, Jenkins.
So let's dive into our next lesson
to set up our repos for each service inside of GitHub.